>> Is there a hidden,
more esoteric,
deeper meaning to the Hollywood
films that we all love
to watch?
I'm Jay Dyer.
>> And I'm Jay Weidner.
And this is "Hollywood Decoded."
[THEME MUSIC]
>> In 1997, James Cameron
released his blockbuster epic,
"Titanic."
It became a
record-breaking film.
And in the film "Titanic," he
poses a question which I think
has gone largely
unnoticed by most people.
And that question is, are we
reaching the end of an age?
Are we reaching
the end of an era?
And he uses this ship, this
iron ship, as his vehicle
for showing us that we are
headed towards certain disaster
if we continue on
the way we're going.
And I think that the question
that he poses in "Titanic,"
he answers in "Avatar."
And that's why we've included
these two movies together
for this show today,
because not only
are those two movies the two
top-grossing films of all time,
but I think Cameron
has this ability
to hit us in our mythological
place in our heart.
And I think a lot
of people miss it.
They think that these films
are facile, and they're not.
They're not superficial.
They're deep films, and
Cameron is a deep guy.
But he masks everything in
this kind of superficial world
so you miss sometimes
the questions
that he's posing and answering.
And it's so interesting,
because in the film,
he has all of the elites--
the Guggenheims, and the Astors,
and all of the old aristocracy
is actually in the film.
>> Right.
>> I mean, he actually
shows them in the film.
But he never really
ever poses the question,
why are they there?
And I think it's
very interesting
that he did it that way.
The other thing that's
interesting about "Titanic"
is that we know the
ending when we walked
into the theater,
which would mean
that there's no tension here.
We all know this
thing's going to sink.
So what is the tension?
And the tension, I
think, is that we
know our world's going
to come to an end.
>> Right.
>> That if we go on like we are,
our world's coming to an end.
>> Yeah.
I think that what
I never noticed
when this film came out--
I was 18, I was
graduating high school.
I just thought it was
a goofy love story.
And yeah, we all know what
happens to the "Titanic."
But now that I'm a
little bit older,
I realize that there's
a lot of layers to this.
And so it's not just a
story about the history
of the "Titanic."
There's also this
subtle conspiracy text--
that, like you said, he's
kind of asking that question,
but not really going
that far into it.
And it also functions
as an allegory
for the end of an age,
the end of an era.
You talked about moving into the
age of the giant industrialists
and bankers.
And I think that that's
what's going on here.
So the ship
represents the sinking
of the nobility,
the aristocracy.
Their time is done.
Now we're going to be
ruled by these bankers.
But it's not just the
bankers, because--
it's some of the bankers.
In the story, at least, some
of these bankers that are not
part of the overall
new world order agenda
are actually going to
go down with the ship,
or they're intended
to, at least.
>> Yeah.
And of course, the time
period this happens,
1912, was a crucial
period, because we're
moving from horse and
buggy to the automobile,
from little banks
to central banks.
It's a whole end of an era,
is dying at this moment.
>> One year before
the Federal Reserve.
>> That's right.
>> [INAUDIBLE]
>> And JP Morgan, who owned
the company that owned
the "Titanic," was very much in
favor of the Federal Reserve.
And he actually
invited the bankers
that were against his idea for
the creation of the Federal
Reserve on board the
"Titanic's" maiden
voyage, supposedly
so they could discuss
what they're going to do
about the Federal Reserve.
JP Morgan got a call
the day that it left,
and he didn't join
the rest of them.
And there's also another
conspiracy theory
around the whole
"Titanic" thing,
which is that the ship that
sank wasn't even really
the "Titanic."
There are two identical
ships, one the "Olympus"
and one the "Titanic."
And the "Olympus"
had been built first,
in the Liverpool shipyards.
And the "Titanic"
was being built.
And the "Olympus" got hit
by a British naval boat
and smacked it
right in the middle.
And they took it
back to Liverpool.
And the early reports were
that it was not fixable.
And the insurance
companies were not
going to give any
payments for it
because they were blocking
a naval operation, which
was illegal anyway.
And a lot of people think that
the "Titanic" got switched out.
And they renamed the
"Olympus," the Titanic,
and renamed the "Titanic,"
the "Olympus"-- which went on
for another 20 years, by the
way, the "Olympus" sailing just
fine.
But the Titanic may
have been a faulty ship.
Passengers on the ship reported
hearing weird engine sounds,
grinding sounds, like there was
something wrong with the ship.
But it was veering all the time.
It was veering.
And that was what got wrecked,
was the rudder system.
>> Right.
>> And so that is another
layer of the conspiracy.
And another thing that
people don't realize
is that this was really
the 9/11 of its day.
>> Exactly.
There's a famous professor,
Dr. Carroll Quigley.
And back in the late '60s,
he wrote a famous book
called 'Tragedy and Hope."
And he wrote it from the Council
on Foreign Relations archives.
And so he gives what he
says is the real history
of the 20th century.
And there's a bunch of chapters
that deal with the Astors,
or what we would call
the Cliveden set.
And what I think
is fascinating here
is that they're actually in
the background behind World War
I and World War II.
It's this elite,
royal aristocracy
that's connected to banking.
And they're essentially
engineering the wars.
And they don't have a
problem using false flags.
The "Lusitania"
was a false flag.
>> It was a false flag.
>> So with the Gulf of Tonkin
later on, that we've discussed
in another episode,
is another false flag.
So it seems like false flags are
usually the triggers for wars.
And I think what we
see here is that it's
entirely possible that the
sinking of the "Titanic"
could be some kind
of false flag.
Insurance fraud-- we've
seen that in 9/11.
>> It had many layers.
>> Right.
So many, many
possibilities here.
>> Yeah.
And we're only two
years from World War
I at this stage, which the
Astors were definitely behind.
>> Yes.
>> And why did Cameron
make this film?
He made a film about a ship.
It had three classes
on it-- poor--
>> It's class warfare in part.
>> Class warfare.
They're in the middle of
the wilderness of the ocean.
If anything wrong
happens, they're all dead,
because there's no salvage.
They didn't bring
enough lifeboats,
because they never dreamed
that the "Titanic" would sink.
One of the actors at the
beginning of the film
says not even God
can sink the Titanic.
So we have the
hubris of humanity
thinking that we can just go on
and on without being stopped.
And that ship crashes.
And many, many people die.
And it's the changing
of the world.
And I think that in a
way, Cameron showing us
the kind of the Hollywood
version of this story--
he is opening a
can of worms here,
where people who are
interested in the "Titanic"
are going to start reading
about the "Titanic."
And they're going to discover
all these dark conspiracies
that are going on that no
one's kind of talking about.
>> So let's look at some of
these big banking families
and oligarchic families here
in the film shown under sinking
elites.
>> Mr. Guggenheim?
These are for you,
Mr. Guggenheim.
>> No, thank you.
We are dressed in our best
and are prepared to go down
as gentlemen.
But we would like a brandy.
[CHATTER]
>> So what we just saw here was
this symbolic end of an era.
And you have the guy
at the top hat here.
And he gets this elegant
chair as the scene progresses.
And he just accepts death
almost like it's dinner,
you know what I mean?
>> Right.
>> It's just like he's
like, ooh, the water.
What's happening here?
[MUSIC - "NEARER MY GOD TO
THEE"]
>> I like the montage showing
the different classes.
>> Right.
>> And then ending up with the
guy who designed the "Titanic"
setting the clock.
Clocks are all through the film.
This film was all about time.
[MUSIC - "NEARER MY GOD TO
THEE"]
>> And so they lived happily
together for 300 years
in the land of Tir na nog,
the land of eternal youth
and beauty.
[MUSIC - "NEARER MY GOD TO THEE]
[SCREAMING]
>> He's using all this
juxtaposition of time
throughout the film.
And clocks are everywhere.
Leonardo meets Kate
Winslet at the big clock.
That's where they're
supposed to be.
>> Oh, good point.
Right.
>> And everybody's
adjusting their clocks,
even during when the
disaster's happening.
They're adjusting their
stopwatches and things.
The whole movie's about
time and the end of time.
>> Right.
>> To me, there's
no doubt about it.
I saw it when I saw the film in
'97 that this was about the end
of time, and that he was
using this vehicle as the--
the ship as a vehicle
for the Kali Yuga--
>> Yes.
>> --which is what
we're descending into.
>> The end of an eon, yeah.
>> Yeah.
>> Yeah, well, I like that
you actually chose this clip.
You told me about it.
So I cued into it, and I
looked for this priest who's
actually reading verses that
deal with John's apocalypse,
right?
And that, is in a way,
about the end of time.
>> Absolutely.
>> And like you said,
so you see these clocks.
And for everybody, really,
time is ticking down.
We're all eventually going
to face that passing over
into the next
plane of existence.
And so here, as we said, it
functions on multiple levels.
And it represents
not just the end
of that old eon of
aristocracy, and nobility,
and making way for the
industrialists and the bankers,
but it's also all of those
people's last day, right?
It's their end times.
>> Yes, it is.
>> So let's look at the
apocalypse and the priest
and his quotations.
>> Hail Mary, full of grace.
The Lord is with thee.
Blessed art thou--
>> Leonardo and Kate
Winslet are ascending.
As the ship is sinking, they're
ascending towards the top.
They're reaching their
point of understanding
about what's going on here.
[SCREAMING]
>> Ah!
>> I saw a new heaven,
saw a new earth.
The first heaven and
the first earth--
>> The priest is actually saying
things on multiple levels.
It's the end of the "Titanic."
It's the end of the old world,
the nobility, the aristocracy.
But it also, in a way,
signifies the end of all things,
like the eon that
you're talking about.
And I think Cameron is, in a
way, warning us, like you said.
Where are we going with
a giant, technocratic
military-industrial complex?
Because that's the age
that this shifts into.
>> That they should
be his people.
And God Himself
shall be with them.
>> Jack, this is
where we first met.
>> And God shall wipe away
all the tears from their eyes,
and there shall
be no more death.
>> This shifts into the age
of financial capitalism,
the age of giant industrial
corporations, right?
Interestingly, too,
in the apocalypse,
you have the symbolism of
the stars and the luminaries.
In biblical symbology, they
often represent rulers.
And so if you would
have an eclipse,
this would be seen
as an omen or a sign
that the present ruling elite
might be on their way out.
There might be a
coup, or revolution,
or an invading army.
And so in a way,
you can see that
that passing away of the
elite, the heavens, the stars,
the big people, so to speak--
they're over with.
They're done.
>> Yeah, one age dies.
But the other is a
resurrection of that age.
And I think that's
what we're going
to get into when we
get into "Avatar,"
is how we can recover
from the damage
that we're doing to ourselves
and the environment.
So again, Cameron's
posing a question.
Is this the end of an age?
Are we headed towards
an inevitable ending?
>> Right.
>> Right?
And he answers that
question with "Avatar."
And that's why
it's so appropriate
that it's his next film.
>> Technology.
I mean, that's what
built the "Titanic."
But technology can then also
become the dangerous thing
that can destroy us all.
And that's why "Avatar"
has a positive message
as an answer to the "Titanic,"
is that there's actually
a way out of this.
>> That's right.
So in this clip,
Giovanni Ribisi--
who's a great
actor, by the way--
he plays, I guess, the bad guy,
the head of the corporation
that's trying to mine the planet
where the Na'vi live, Pandora.
And he explains to
Sigourney Weaver
what they're really doing here.
>> Exactly.
>> You're supposed to be
winning the hearts and the minds
of the natives.
Isn't that the whole point
of your little puppet show?
You look like them and
you talk like them,
and they'll start trusting us.
We build them a school.
We teach English.
But after what?
How many years?
Relations with the indigenous
are only getting worse.
>> Yeah, that tends to happen
when you use machine guns
on them.
>> Right.
Come here.
This is why we're
here, unobtainium,
because this little gray rock
sells for 20 million a kilo.
That's the only reason.
It's what pays for
the whole party.
It's what pays for your science.
Comprendo?
Now those savages
are threatening
our whole operation.
We're on the brink
of war, and you're
supposed to be finding
a diplomatic solution.
So use what you've got
and get me some reasons.
There's a great book by William
F. Engdahl that's called
"Full Spectrum Dominance."
>> I love that book.
>> And what he poses in that
is that the real mission
of the Pentagon is total
full spectrum dominance
of the entire planet.
That's why we have 5 to 800
known bases across the planet,
right?
And that this full
spectrum dominance
includes not just corporations
surveilling you or controlling
this or that resource,
but actually all of them.
And we see that exemplified here
with that pentagonal symbolism
in the middle of
their 3D hologram
that they're watching there.
And he's explaining to
Sigourney Weaver that,
do you understand, Miss
Scientist, that the real reason
that we're here is this
resource, which is satirically
named unobtainium.
You'll never obtain all of
the resources on the planet.
But that's actually
why the Pentagon
is at the behest of
these giant corporations.
>> Yeah, it's interesting,
because it appears that
the Pentagon has been taken
over by the corporations--
>> Exactly right.
>> --and that the Pentagon
is working straight
for the corporations now.
There's no shadow lines anymore.
It's this is the
way the world is.
And so I think
Cameron is touching
on how we got to a situation
where we're using technology
to rip planets apart, when
actually, the people that are
primitive have no need of it.
There's a story I
heard once where
there was this fisherman
in South America,
and he had a little
place on the beach.
And every day, he'd go out
and fish, and feed his family,
and he had a little garden.
And it was a really nice place.
And one day, a
capitalist came and said,
I want to buy your beach here.
He says, you'll
have enough money.
You'll never have to fish again.
You'll never have to grow
food in your garden again.
Your family would be
taken care of forever.
And the little primitive
guy who's just not--
didn't have much of an
education or anything,
he's like, why would I do that?
I actually enjoy
what I'm doing here.
Why would I wreck it
and wreck this place?
I don't understand what
you're positing here, right?
And that story says
everything to me,
because yes, he will have
money, but will he be happy?
And that's what's going on here.
>> Exactly.
>> The Westerners, the
Earthlings, have money,
technology, and everything,
but it's never enough.
>> Well, it's said in there that
they've ruined their planet,
so they had to come here to
parasitically vampire suck
the juices out of this planet.
>> Yeah.
And Sam Worthington, at
one point in the movie,
he says, what are you
going to offer them?
Light beer?
You know, jeans?
Is this what you're
going to offer them?
Because they don't need it.
They don't want it.
>> [INAUDIBLE] in Amerika,
the Rammstein song.
So what's neat
about this next clip
is that we're going
to see the height
of the technology of the
military industrial complex.
They have the ability now
to, like "The Matrix,"
transfer consciousness
into some other body.
>> Right.
>> And they've created
this synthetic version
of the Na'vi, which Sam
Worthington's consciousness is
going to be put into.
And he's part of
this wounded warrior
sort of project,
where he'll be put
into the synthetic alien
body to infiltrate.
He's going to be a spy.
So let's look at
transferring consciousness.
>> [INAUDIBLE] 99%.
Link is stable.
>> This is based on real stuff
that the Pentagon works on.
DARPA, right?
If we think about
the Salk Institute,
they've done a lot
of research into what
they call the BRAIN Initiative.
And this is
brain-computer interfaces
and how that can be overcome
the way that we usually
think about it in terms
of a direct interface.
>> Can you hear me?
Can you hear me, Jake?
>> [INAUDIBLE] reflex is good.
>> [INAUDIBLE] response normal.
How are you feeling, Jake?
>> Hey, guys.
>> Welcome to your
new body, Jake.
>> Good.
>> I think that what we're
going to see in the future--
and recent films have
been showing this;
not just "The Matrix,"
but "Ghost in the Shell."
You have this idea where
the bodies are shells,
and that we can actually just
transfer the consciousness over
to some other surrogate
body, or you're
going to be the avatar for this
other body that you're using.
So that's what I think
Cameron's talking about here.
And he would know about this
because of his long connection,
as we've discussed in
other Cameron episodes,
about the deep state and what
Silicon Valley, and DARPA,
and the Pentagon
are really up to
with this kind of technology.
>> Yeah, it's all very
interesting because it even
goes back to like ancient Egypt.
They would actually
transfer what
they called the ka,
which is the localized
spirit, of the pharaoh into
the body of the next pharaoh.
So he had all the knowledge
of all the previous pharaohs.
And they had some kind
of bizarre science
about this, which we have a
lot of trouble deciphering
the hieroglyphs exactly
what they were doing.
But we know that's
the basic idea.
So even back 4,000
years ago, the Egyptians
were practicing some kind of--
>> A kind of reincarnation
that you control.
>> A body transfer, yeah.
And I know that DARPA and those
guys are looking into this.
I think they've actually
already accomplished it.
>> Well, so many times, what
you see is in the research DARPA
and listen to the scientists
that give presentations,
they talk about how a lot of
what they're doing is a mimicry
of nature.
They're creating something
from the natural world,
but it's a synthetic
version of it.
And so many times in this
movie, what you'll see
is all of the human
actors are looking
at some screen or some
hologram, something synthetic.
But all the Na'vi are actually
connected to the natural world,
the planet that they live on.
And they can do a lot of
what we see at the end.
They're able to actually
transfer the consciousness,
do the very things that
the Pentagon has spent--
>> Millions and trillions.
>> --millions and trillions
on trying to figure out.
>> What's interesting
about this also,
is that the Na'vi are
not in their Kali Yuga.
We are, though.
>> Right
>> So we're in our Kali Yuga.
We're in our Iron Age still.
We're ripping planets apart.
But the Na'vi are back
in their golden age.
They're at one with nature.
They can still communicate
telepathically.
The gnosis of the
planet is their goddess.
And so it's interesting
because what he's doing,
he's juxtapositioning two
different kinds of ages,
and having a war
between the two.
So the Hindus believed
that time was cyclical,
and that we've
moved through ages.
And we had a golden age
that we lived in, where
there was no war, no violence.
Everybody got along.
>> A very long period.
>> Very long period.
We were at one with nature.
And then things began to slip,
according to the Hindu Vedic
texts.
We slipped into the Silver
Age next, a little more dense.
And then we slipped again into
what they call the Bronze Age--
bronze, again, a
little more denser.
And then we slipped
into the Iron Age,
which is the age we're living
in now, which they call the Kali
Yuga, the age of Kali, the
crone goddess who comes back
to set things right.
And she's angry.
And so that's what I
mean by the Kali Yuga.
The Earthlings are caught
in their final end here.
They've gone almost suicidally--
>> Exactly.
>> --to the end of their world.
And now they're transferring
their suicidal ways
to another world, where they're
going to destroy that world.
And that other world is not
in their same time sphere.
>> And it's pictured,
this other world here,
very much like Earth.
I mean, that's kind of
what it's an allegory for.
And so what we're going to
see is that it's like a tree,
and its roots form a
kind of nervous system
that are all
connected-- and there's
actual scientific studies,
by the way, that shows
that trees actually do this.
They communicate
with other trees
through their root systems.
So they transfer information
in much the same way
that our neurons.
>> Aspen trees are all in
communication with each other.
>> Well, and Sigourney Weaver
we've even mentioned that
it's kind of like the way that
the human mind and its nervous
system and body--
that the brain
transfers information
through these electrical
impulses as well.
So the planet is kind of
a mirror of the human.
And that's why what we're going
to see in the final section
is the tree of life,
which, again, goes back
to so many ancient cultures.
And it's a tree for a reason.
But let's look at tree synapses.
>> You throw a stick
in the air around here,
it's going to land on some
sacred bird for chrissake.
>> I'm not talking about some
kind of pagan voodoo here.
I'm talking about something
real, something measurable
in the biology of the forest.
>> Which is what, exactly?
>> Sigourney Weaver has been
converted to the earlier age.
>> Right.
>> And he's still
in the Kali Yoga.
And they can't communicate,
because they're
in different ages, or
in different times.
And he's like, what
are you talking about?
>> What we think we know
is there is some kind
of electrochemical communication
between the roots of the trees,
like the synapses
between neurons.
And each tree has 10
to the 4th connections
to the trees around it.
And there are 10 to the
12th trees on Pandora.
>> Which is a lot, I'm guessing.
>> It's more connections
than the human brain.
Get it?
It's a network It's
a global network,
and the Na'vi can access it.
They can upload and download
data, memories at sites
like the one you just destroyed.
Yes.
>> There's a great book by
a philosopher/esotericist .
He's named Rene Guenon.
And he wrote a book called
"Reign of Quantity."
And in that, he describes
what happens in the Kali Yuga
period, which he says
he thinks is now,
or the Western civilization
is entering into that.
And it's the idea of the
reign of commodification
and quantity.
The more junk that you can
control, you win, basically.
But it's so self-destructive,
that it's suicidal,
like you said.
And that's why we see
this as an allegory
for American foreign policy,
going into these other nations,
destabilizing them,
causing the chaos,
sending in agents and spies.
And that's what Sam
Worthington's character here,
Jake-- he doesn't
realize that he's
the emissary of this
regime, this imperialism.
He's sent in as a spy, and he's
eventually even converted too.
So we're going to see
that through this imagery
of the tree of life and
how that's ultimately
going to be his salvation.
>> Yeah.
>> This is Jake
Sully, signing off.
[MUSIC PLAYING]
>> [SPEAKING NA'VI]
>> There's a famous religious
scholar named Mircea Eliade,
and he wrote a
book on shamanism,
as well as a lot of other
books on comparative religion.
He's one of the most prominent.
And he talks a lot about,
in shamanic traditions,
the use of the tree of life.
And what's amazing
is that it's not just
shamanic, animistic,
ancient traditions.
It's also part of Judaism.
It's part of the Bible.
It's part of Christianity.
Islam even has this tradition.
And it's the idea
that at some point,
there was some
giant sort of tree
or some symbolic tree that
connected all living things.
And that's what they actually
worship on this planet.
And their tree has
been destroyed,
but we see that it's already
in the process of regrowth.
So what the message
of this is just simply
that you can't just have
technology and quantification
dominating everything,
commodities.
It's got to be about
harmony and actually
living in balance with
nature and the rest
of what's out there.
>> Yeah.
And like you pointed out,
Rene Guenon talks quite a bit
about that and shows us that
this disconnection from nature
is what is causing our
descent into the Kali Yuga.
And he evokes it in this
movie just perfectly,
as far as I can tell.
>> Absolutely.
>> What's going on here
in this movie is that
we're transferring
personalities into bodies.
And the Na'vi have this
technology, or whatever it is.
And the military-industrial
complex has this.
And what this is is that every
brain has a frequency, which
is like an address.
And you can take
that address and just
simply change the frequency
and put that frequency
into another body.
So consciousness is this
thing that can be directed
and flowed.
And the Na'vi, their
consciousness is unity
consciousness, so they're
connected to every living thing
on Earth.
And ours is like
unitary consciousness,
where each one of us
is a separate being,
where the Na'vi do things
in a more communal way,
which is exactly how they
did things in earlier ages.
>> Yeah.
If you think about
the tree of life too,
it also hearkens back to both
Kabbalism and Neoplatonism.
And the idea is that this image
or this symbol of Sefirot,
they're called, is a tree.
And what it is is
that this is the way
that God, from His highest
level of reality and being,
kind of expresses himself
into the creative world,
through different
levels of emanations.
And so for the individual,
it's the same thing,
is that he has to
raise himself up
through these levels of
initiation and understanding
to interpret the world,
so a theme that we've
seen in other movies, like
"The Ninth Gate," right?
But here, it's
interesting because
the military-industrial
complex doesn't have a tree.
They don't have any of that.
All they have is this
kind of rape of nature,
whereas the Na'vi, as you said,
they're actually in tune with
nature.
And that's the more
healthy approach
to enlightenment, which
is what they have,
which is through nature.
>> Yeah.
And one other thing that I'd
like to mention about the tree
is the biggest unobtainium is
right underneath the big tree.
>> Exactly.
>> Right?
>> Good point.
>> So they have to
destroy the big tree.
>> Destroy it, right.
>> And I think in
that scene, again,
Cameron is sort of reinforcing
what happened on 9/11--
you know, the absolute
horror of watching
these buildings fall down.
And he evokes that
in that scene,
where the tree falls down.
And the military did it, if
you understand my meaning.
And I think that seen
really grabbed a hold of us
in 2009, because it was
only eight years after 9/11.
And again, Cameron's using
this apocalyptic kind
of imagery to reinforce
and a historical event.
>> So what we saw in Titanic
was the dangers of technology,
the rise of industrialism,
and where that might take us
into technocracy.
Fast forward to whenever this is
in the dystopian future, total
technocracy running
everything, total military,
Pentagon control.
And the way out of
this is discovered
by the Sam Worthington character
by actually just exiting
that whole system and returning
to something more organic,
more natural.
>> That's the question that
gets answered by "Avatar."
That's the way we have to go.
That's what Cameron's saying.
And I completely
agree with that.
I think we can bring
our toys with us,
but I think we need
to go back to nature,
back to a more rural
kind of thing, where
we grow our own food and
take care of ourselves
more than we do now.
And I think that's the
answer to the question posed
in "Titanic"-- are we headed
towards the end of the world?
>> Join us again next time
on "Hollywood Decoder."
I'm Jay Dyer.
>> And I'm Jay Weidner.
Thanks for watching.
[THEME MUSIC]